Hi.
We didn't his lecture reading to learn about how to troll our bird into the air.
So far we can drag the bird they round in a way so that we can stretch the bird.
Right.
So what we want to do is after stretching the bird.
We will let go of our finger and Vons we do that.
We want bird off the air and we have to take the distance into consideration as well.
So the father these stretch thus the more it should go away and the less we stretch this the less it
should go away.
So we're going to do the same thing that we are doing in the touches begin in the touches.
And that as above.
So this is the function that will let us know that the user let go of his or her finger.
So I'm going to copy everything from here.
I'm going to paste in the touches and that as well.
Of course I'm not going to change the bird position in that way because I'm going to troll the bird
in the air and I believe we have one extra curly braces over here or we have one less.
So let me delete one and hit the comment B to see if we make this right okay.
No we are still getting this error.
So let me add two curly braces over here one for dad and maybe let's do command Zee to see if we really
have this problem.
Yep we have this problem.
So let me add one and let me delete this and let me do comment B to see if we overcame this problem.
Yep.
Now this is good.
So instead of changing the position I'm going to delete this and what we gonna do is to understand this
distance between the original position of the bird and the named position very user just let his finger
off.
So we're going to calculate that distance and we're going to take this distance to apply an impulse
to the bird in the opposite direction of the stretching.
Okay so how do we do that first.
We know the touch location so we know the current location of the bird but we don't know of the original
position.
So I'm going to create an original position variable over here so I'm going to call this original position
and this will be a C.G. point optional.
OK.
And under did move to function I'm going to a sign my current position as the original position so I'm
going to say or general position is the bird.
That position over here.
So this will be my original position.
OK.
So when the app is loaded I will know the original position.
So if I come over here if I subtract the original position from the current position I can calculate
the distance between two positions.
So how do we do that.
We have to do this by x axis and by yet y axis separately.
So if you come over here and say touch location that X OK.
This will give you the current location and if you subtract original position up X from this you will
get the difference in Devi in the x axis.
So you can't call this something like D X and it will ask you to force our app design you can do that
obviously because we have assigned our original position over here and we can do the same thing for
Devi as well.
Difference y and this will be the same thing.
So touch location dot y.
Okay.
Minus original position.
Dot Y.
Again force are up this.
So now we know the difference between X axis is and y axis.
So we can create our impulse and this will be the ACG vector.
It will ask us for it X and Y and the X is going to be x d x and the Y is going to be d y.
However we want to apply this force in the reverse direction of the stretch.
So I'm going to make this mine so I'm going to make this negative okay.
So either multiply this by minus F1 or just add and minus sign in front of this parentheses.
So now we have an impulse in the reverse direction of our stretch.
So I can come over here and say Burt Dot Physics body dot apply impulse and the plus that I want to
apply is the impulse.
And then later on I can just say Burt Dot Physics body affected by gravity is true now.
And again I can just say Game started is true.
In order to prevent the user from grabbing the vert in the air and dragging him around so far so good.
And our initial affected by gravity attribute is false.
So this will work now.
So let me open my simulator and try to stretch the bird and let it go.
Here you go.
Now we can push our bird.
We can throw our bird in the air and of course we don't have a function to make the bird come to the
original position.
So if you open one more time you can just push the bird in another direction.
So let's take care of this resetting problem in the next lecture and continue building our Angry Bird
clone.